Add doc for OKE addons and node pool cycling (#290)
oracle/cluster-api-provider-oci: docs/src/managed/features.md

# Features

> This page will cover configuration of various OKE features in CAPOCI.

Reviewer: NIT: Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE)
I thought it was Oracle Kubernetes Engine, but looks like the official docs have changed. https://www.oracle.com/cloud/cloud-native/container-engine-kubernetes/

Author: fixed

## Node Pool Cycling
OKE [Node Pool Cycling][node-pool-cycling] can be used during Kubernetes version upgrades to cycle
the nodes such that all the nodes of a Node Pool is running on the newer Kubernetes version. The following

> `OCIManagedMaachinePool` spec can be used to specify Node Pool cycling option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OCIManagedMachinePool` spec can be used to specify Node Pool cycling option.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: OCIManagedMachinePool
spec:
  nodePoolCyclingDetails:
    isNodeCyclingEnabled: true
```

## Addons

> The following `OCIManagedControlPlane` spec can be used to specify [Addons][addons] which has to be

Reviewer: "spec should be used" instead of can?

Author: fixed

installed in the OKE cluster.

```yaml
kind: OCIManagedControlPlane
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
spec:
  clusterType: "ENHANCED_CLUSTER"
  addons:
  - name: CertManager
```

> More details about the configuration parameters is available in [CAPOCI API Reference][api-reference].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details about the configuration parameters all available in the [CAPOCI API Reference docs][api-reference].
```
